README.md, before:

---
title: Python Magnet Gmsh
---

[![image](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/python_magnetgmsh.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python_magnetgmsh)

[![image](https://img.shields.io/travis/Trophime/python_magnetgmsh.svg)](https://travis-ci.com/Trophime/python_magnetgmsh)

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/python-magnetgmsh/badge/?version=latest)](https://python-magnetgmsh.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?version=latest)

[![Updates](https://pyup.io/repos/github/Trophime/python_magnetgmsh/shield.svg)](https://pyup.io/repos/github/Trophime/python_magnetgmsh/)

Python Magnet Geometry contains magnet geometrical models

-   Free software: MIT license
-   Documentation: <https://python-magnetgmsh.readthedocs.io>.

Features
========

-   Load/Create CAD and Mesh with Gmsh
-   Create Gmsh mesh from Salome XAO format

INSTALL
=======

To install in a python virtual env

```
python -m venv --system-site-packages magnetgmsh-env
source ./magnetgmsh-env/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Examples
========

Use Gmsh API to create a msh file from a magnetgeo yaml file:

```
python3 -m python_magnetgmsh.cli --wd /data/geometries test.yaml [--thickslit] --mesh [--lc] --show
```

Use Gmsh API to create a 2D msh file for a Bitter sector:

```
python -m python_magnetgmsh.Bitter2D --wd data/geometries M9_Bi.yaml --mesh --lc 20 --show
```



Create a gmsh msh file from Salome xao file:

```
python3 -m python_magnetgmsh.xao2msh --wd /data/geometries test-Axi.xao --geo test.yaml mesh --group CoolingChannels
python3 -m python_magnetgmsh.xao2msh --wd /data/geometries M9_HLtest-Axi.xao --geo M9_HLtest.yaml mesh --group CoolingChannels
python3 -m python_magnetgmsh.xao2msh --wd /data/geometries Pancakes-pancake-Axi.xao --geo HTS-pancake-test.yaml [mesh []]
```

> [!CAUTION]
> group/hide options is not implement in python_magnetgmsh.cli

Credits
=======

This package was created with
[Cookiecutter](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter) and the
[audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage)
project template.

Commit message:

Add 1st attempt for 3D mesh in gmsh

README.md, after:

---
title: Python Magnet Gmsh
---

[![image](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/python_magnetgmsh.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python_magnetgmsh)

[![image](https://img.shields.io/travis/Trophime/python_magnetgmsh.svg)](https://travis-ci.com/Trophime/python_magnetgmsh)

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/python-magnetgmsh/badge/?version=latest)](https://python-magnetgmsh.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?version=latest)

[![Updates](https://pyup.io/repos/github/Trophime/python_magnetgmsh/shield.svg)](https://pyup.io/repos/github/Trophime/python_magnetgmsh/)

Python Magnet Geometry contains magnet geometrical models

-   Free software: MIT license
-   Documentation: <https://python-magnetgmsh.readthedocs.io>.

Features
========

-   Load/Create CAD and Mesh with Gmsh
-   Create Gmsh mesh from Salome XAO format

INSTALL
=======

To install in a python virtual env

```
python -m venv --system-site-packages magnetgmsh-env
source ./magnetgmsh-env/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If you wish to use latest dev gmsh version, you can install the latest gmsh dev version in the virtual env 

```
pip install -i https://gmsh.info/python-packages-dev --force-reinstall --no-cache-dir gmsh
```


Examples
========

Use Gmsh API to create a msh file from a magnetgeo yaml file:

```
python3 -m python_magnetgmsh.cli --wd /data/geometries test.yaml [--thickslit] --mesh [--lc] --show
```

Use Gmsh API to create a 2D msh file for a Bitter sector:

```
python -m python_magnetgmsh.Bitter2D --wd data/geometries M9_Bi.yaml --mesh --lc 20 --show
```



Create a gmsh msh file from Salome xao file:

```
python3 -m python_magnetgmsh.xao2msh --wd /data/geometries test-Axi.xao --geo test.yaml mesh --group CoolingChannels
python3 -m python_magnetgmsh.xao2msh --wd /data/geometries M9_HLtest-Axi.xao --geo M9_HLtest.yaml mesh --group CoolingChannels
python3 -m python_magnetgmsh.xao2msh --wd /data/geometries Pancakes-pancake-Axi.xao --geo HTS-pancake-test.yaml [mesh []]
```

> [!CAUTION]
> group/hide options is not implement in python_magnetgmsh.cli

Credits
=======

This package was created with
[Cookiecutter](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter) and the
[audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage)
project template.
